Task Distribution:
Abdelmonen Ahmed - Manual, Member, JUnit Test 
Alex Montgomery - Provider, Provider Directory, JUnit Test
Brooke Boskus - Service, Service Record, JUint Test, Manual
Eli Scales – Provider Directory, JUnit Test
Logan Hay - Manager, Manager Terminal, Main Menu, Verify Manager, Report, Storage Methods, JUinit Test 
Megan Mulcahy - Operator Terminal, Verify Provider, JUint Test, Manual, EDIT: Storage optimized for JAR execution because you should avoid using File and FileWriter directly, as they are designed for file operations on the local file system. Instead, you should use getResourceAsStream to get an input stream and then use BufferedWriter to write to a file within the JAR.

Instructions:

Provider
In the main menu, enter “1” into the terminal to enter the Provider Menu. Upon entering the terminal will prompt the user for a Provider ID. If an integer less than 9 digits long is entered, the terminal will prompt again and return “Invalid provider number, must be 9 numbers long” until a 9 digit ID is entered. Once the provider is verified, the user has options. To validate a member, enter "1" into the terminal and enter the member integer number. If To Provide a service, enter "2" into the terminal. To request a Provider Directory, Enter "3" into the terminal. An ordered list of all Services - the code, name, and fee of each service will be emailed to the provider. You can log out of the provider terminal by entering "4" into the terminal. If any other option is entered a massage that says "Invalid selection. Please select a valid option." will be displayed.

Manager
In the main menu, enter “2” into the terminal to enter the Provider Menu. Upon entering the terminal will prompt the user for a Manager ID. If an integer less than 9 digits long is entered, the terminal will prompt again and return “Invalid manager ID, must be 9 numbers long” until a 9 digit ID is entered. Once the manager is verified, the user has options. To run the summary report, enter "1" into the terminal. A report will be generated that lists every provider to be paid that week, the number of consultations each had, and his or her total fee for that week. Finally, the total number of providers who provided services, the total number of consultations, and the overall fee total are printed. To run the Provider report, enter "2" into the terminal. A report will be generated that holds the provider's name (up to 25 characters), number (9 digits), street address (up to 25 characters), city (up to 14 characters), state(2 letters), and ZIP code ( 5 digits). Also, for every service provided, the following details, Date of service (in this form "MM–DD–YYYY"), Date and time data were received by the computer (in this form MM–DD–YYYY HH:MM:SS), Member name (up to 25 characters), Member number ( 9 digits), Service code (6 digits), Fee to be paid (up to $999.99). And also the Total number of consultations with members (3 digits ) and Total fee for week (up to $99,999.9). To run the member report, enter "3" into the terminal. A report will be generated that holds the members's name (up to 25 characters), number (9 digits), street address (up to 25 characters), city (up to 14 characters), state(2 letters), and ZIP code (5 digits). Also, for every service provided, the following details, Date of service (in this form "MM–DD–YYYY"), Provider name (up to 25 characters), and service name (up to 20 characters). And for EFT data,  enter "4" into the terminal. A record consisting of electronic funds transfer (EFT) data is then written to a disk; banking computers will later ensure that each provider’s bank account is credited with the appropriate amount. It needs a file to be set up containing the provider name (up to 25 characters), provider number (9 digits), and the amount to be transferred. You can exit the manager terminal by entering "5" into the terminal. If any other option is entered a massage that says "Invalid Input" will be displayed

Operator
In the main menu, enter "3" into the terminal to enter the Operator Menu. In the operator menu, you can add, delete or update Members or Providers or exit to the main menu. 
To add a provider, enter "1" into the terminal and enter the new providers integer number, (it will verify that the integer is 9 digits long, or return "Invalid provider number, must be 9 numbers long ") string name, String address, String city, String state, String email, and integer ZipCode (if the ZipCode is not 5 digits long the terminal will return "Invalid zip code, must be 5 numbers long") into the terminal as promoted. The terminal will return and say "Provider Added" and return the user to the Operator Menu. 
To add a member enter "2" into the terminal and enter the new members integer number (it will verify that the integer is 9 digits long, or return "Invalid member number, must be 9 numbers long"), String name, String address, String city, String state, String email, and integer zipCode if the ZipCode is not 5 digits long the terminal will return "Invalid zip code, must be 5 numbers long")  as promoted by the terminal. The terminal will return "Member added" and return to the Operator Menu. 
To delete a provider enter "3" into the Operator Menu terminal, enter an integer into the terminal as the provider number you want to delete, it will verify that the integer is 9 digits long, or return "Invalid provider number, must be 9 numbers long". If the number matches a provider number in the array of providers the terminal will print "Provider found, deleting...", then the provider will be deleted from the array and the terminal will return "Provider deleted". If the provider number does not exist, the terminal will return "Provider number does not exist, enter a valid number". 
To delete a member enter "4" into the Operator Menu terminal, enter an integer into the terminal as the member number you want to delete, it will verify that the integer is 9 digits long, or return "Invalid member number, must be 9 numbers long". If the number matches a member number in the array of members the terminal will print "Member found, deleting...", then the member will be deleted from the array and the terminal will return "Member deleted". If the member number does not exist, the terminal will return "Member number does not exist, enter a valid number". 
To update a provider's information, enter "5" into the Operator Menu terminal. Enter an integer into the terminal as the provider number you want to update, it will verify that the integer is 9 digits long, or return "Invalid provider number, must be 9 numbers long". If the number matches a provider number in the array of providers the terminal will print a list of options to update provider name, provider number, provider address, provider city, provider state, provider zip code, or exiting. Each option coordinates to a number that can be input into the terminal. Inputting each number will prompt you to enter a new value for the provider. After input, the terminal will return to the update menu and print "Provider (#) new …: updated item". If an invalid number is entered into the terminal it will return "Invalid input". Inputting "7" will exit the update menu and return the user to the Operator Menu. 
To update a member's information, enter "6" into the Operator Menu terminal. Enter an integer into the terminal as the member number you want to update, it will verify that the integer is 9 digits long, or return "Invalid member number, must be 9 numbers long". If the number matches a member number in the array of members the terminal will print a list of options to update member name, member number, member address, member city, member state, member zip code, or exiting. Each option coordinates to a number that can be input into the terminal. Inputting each number will prompt you to enter a new value for the provider. After input, the terminal will return to the update menu and print "Member (#) new …: updated item". If an invalid number is entered into the terminal it will return "Invalid input". Inputting "7" will exit the update menu and return the user to the Operator Menu. Similarly in the Operator Menu you can input “7” to exit to the main menu. You can exit the update menu at any point and the information will stay updated in the array. When exiting the terminal entirely from the main menu, the new array with edited information will be rewritten to the files.

To shut down the main menu terminal, enter "4" into the main menu.

If any other option is entered a massage that says "Invalid Input" will be displayed.
